If you don't want to use brackets there is a more advanced option what you can do is go to code Visual
Studio dot com and this is the name of the text editor or slash I-T Visual Studio code.
It is my preferred text editor slash IEEE it's really really cool fast loading.
It's got a lot of great things you can add on to it but with all that being said if you want to use
this text editor all you have to do is hit download.
It should pick up what machine you're using.
But they have different builds for all of the different doses.
And you'll notice to the right it says stable and insiders stable is going to be just their official
releases and insiders is going to be the latest latest version of the code that they roll out every
night or at least every week.
So you'll have access to the latest features that the people at Microsoft have access to.
So whichever one you decide to use they both should work perfectly fine.
But after you have that downloaded the next step is going to be to go to No.
J.S. dot org.
And then scroll down here where it says download and it'll pick up what machine you're using but just
hit the current version or you can use this version.
Eight point eleven point four at the time you see this video the numbers could be different.
It's not really going to do anything detrimental if you download a later version.
It should be fine but once you have that downloaded you can go ahead and make a folder.
And so what I would do is personally make a folder to organize everything.
So I've already done that.
But then you can just right click on the folder that you create and it'll say open with code and so
that will allow you to basically open this as a VS code project.
So once you do that it should open up something that looks similar to this without all of the files
that I have.
Now the next thing that we're going to do is use our command line.
So I'm going to hit Control J.
And that would be Command G on the Mac and go to where it says terminal right here.
And this is actually why we downloaded no just so we can use NPM package.
And so as soon as this switches over all you have to do is hit him.
PM in it and we'll be able to start installing packages inside of our project.